integration_test migration guide from flutter_driver (#6514)
flutter/website: src/testing/integration-tests/migration.md

with the format: `<name>_test.dart`.

## Test migration

This section contains different examples on how to migrate existing
`flutter_driver` tests to `integration_test` tests.

### Example: Verifying a widget is displayed

When the app starts the screen on the left displays 
a text asking the user to select one of the plants on the list.

This test verifies that the text is displayed.

**flutter_driver**

In `flutter_driver`, the test uses `waitFor` which waits until the `finder`
can locate the widget. The test will fail if the widget can't be found.

<?code-excerpt "test_driver/main_test.dart (Test1)"?>
```dart
test('do not select any item, verify please select text is displayed',
    () async {
  // Wait for 'please select' text is displayed
  await driver.waitFor(find.text('Please select a plant from the list.'));
});
```

**integration_test**

In `integration_test` you will have to perform two steps:

First you have to load the main app widget using
the `tester.pumpWidget` method.

Then, you use `expect` with the matcher `findsOneWidget` to verify
that the widget is displayed.

<?code-excerpt "integration_test/main_test.dart (Test1)"?>
```dart

> testWidgets('do not select any item, verify please select text is displayed',

Reviewer: Here's an example of what I meant about using sentence-style output. (Ignore if this is against conventions, but by default we writers use Sentence-style for everything.)

```suggestion
testWidgets('Verify that the please select text is displayed. when no item is selected.',
```

    (WidgetTester tester) async {

>   // load the PlantsApp widget

Reviewer: Here's an example of what I meant about using sentence-style comments:

```suggestion
  // Load the PlantsApp widget.
```

  await tester.pumpWidget(const PlantsApp());

  // wait for data to load
  await tester.pumpAndSettle();

  // Find widget with 'please select'
  final finder = find.text('Please select a plant from the list.');

  // Check if widget is displayed
  expect(finder, findsOneWidget);
});
```

### Example: Tap actions

This test performs a tap action on the first item on the list, which
is a `ListTile` with the text "Alder".

After the tap, the test waits for the details to appear.
In this case, waits for the widget with the text "Alnus" to
be displayed.

As well, the tests verifies that the text "Please select a plant from
the list." is not displayed anymore. 

**flutter_driver**

In `flutter_driver`, you use the `driver.tap` method to perform
a tap over a widget using a finder.

> To verify that a widget is not displayed, you use the `waitForAbsert` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To verify that a widget is not displayed, you use the `waitForAbsent` method.
```
